# Dices_battle
A simple game created using JavaScript and Jquery which requires two players. Each player has 100% health at the beginning and the game starts when Player1 rolls two dices. The combined total of those two dices is the total that will be deducted from the total health of another player. The health of each player is represented with the number but also with a div (class="player_health_background_green") and each time a player is 'wounded' that number will change and the div with the green background which represents the health will be smaller. The initial height of the div is 100px so it will get smaller each time for the exact amount of pixels that is equivalent to the summary of two dices his opponents rolled. The goal of the game is to get the health level of another player to zero. 
The game starts by clicking the start button which has a click event attached to it. It will trigger two prompts where players can enter their names and names will appear on the page (#player1_info and #player2_info). It will also initiate two objects from the class Player which has two properties- name and health which is set to 100. The class also has one method- gotWounded(), which will set the new health of the player after each opponent's rolling. 
The startRolling() function will get two random numbers and the source of the img tag that hold the picture of the dices will change depending on the result of rolled dices (pictures of the dices are saved in img folder like this- '1.png', '2.png' etc. in order to easily change the source of it).  
After each rolling, the 'roll' button will be temporarily disabled for two seconds. Also, after each rolling, the active player will be changed automatically and the 'active' class will be toggled which will change the background color of a div and will apply 'Your turn' to a div that "belongs" to a player whose turn is to roll the dices. 
After each rolling, the checkVictory() function is called which will check if any of the players have 0 or less health and, if so, will alert who is the winner. 
